Well, you misunderstood.
I mean Erbao
Oh, that's right.
Chang Haobao is there
Erbao acceleration
Where?
What about Erbao?
Dr. Lee, call your son out
Let's go face to face
I will see with my own eyes what this second treasure looks like.
Third brother, are you looking for me?
Four treasures, don't scream, okay?
Uncle, you and I look exactly alike.
Looks like me too
Do I have such a public face?
Second brother Erbao Ami fell asleep with leg pain
Excuse me, Mr. Li.
Erbao is not very convenient now
Erbao seems to be deliberately stealing me
Dr. Li
What are you doing?
The children are still there
What are you thinking?
It's Ogawa's birthday in three days
You come here with 4 children
Ogawa
It's the same birthday as my babies